make yourself up for self and
The fish have become a
authentic obsession for all of us
to achieve capture your best angle
Big secret is your makeup to
below we give you tips that you
will help you to see yourself better in the photos
in a self and the most important thing is that
your skin looks smooth and hydrated to
achieve this effect applies primer in everything
the face later to unify
the skin tone applies a layer
light makeup
Another very important tip is to cover
imperfections and dark circles for this place
concealer around the eyes and
gently blurs
in some the end something that should stand out is
your look makeup your eyes with a
Matte shadow in natural color
then make a thick line in
copper color on the upper eyelid e
bottom blends very well with a
brush
to define your eye again delineate
but now the dark brown tone realizes
a very thin line attached to the
eyelashes and with the help of a brush
it blends very well
reese to the eyelashes pressing
slightly departing from the center towards
so you will achieve a natural curve and
you will prevent them from looking square now
so that the eyelashes look amazing
Apply a layer of mascara on the base
let dry and then apply
several additional layers to give more
volume and make your eye look bigger
This effect is key to improving your
self and
to frame your face put a little
of color to your eyebrows fades very well
the shadow to make it look natural
and to reflect a fresh face in
self and apply blush on the cheeks
it is also important to outline your face
to make it look sharper, apply
tanning blush on the sides of the
nose below the chin side of the
front and below the jaw another tip
are the full lips to achieve it
first apply the serum volume
initiator that will make your lips look more
sexy and abundant
to finish apply balm to
lips in natural tone
with these tips for self and you will achieve
highlight the best of your face without seeing
on make-up focuses the camera on your
best angle to capture the best of you
and do not forget a big smile
Visit your store I went closer where
you will find the highest variety of
Fashionable cosmetics
also videos subscribe
we invite you to learn more tips
beauty visit us on our website
www salt and mexico dotcom follow us on
facebook twitter sal y mexico canal de
youtube salt and mexico punto tv instagram
leave and mx
ah